# 
# Translators:
# Kohei Tomita <fairtommy@gmail.com>, 2017
msgid ""
msgstr ""
"Project-Id-Version: QGIS Website\n"
"Report-Msgid-Bugs-To: \n"
"POT-Creation-Date: 2013-10-13 20:28\n"
"PO-Revision-Date: 2017-11-28 02:44+0000\n"
"Last-Translator: Kohei Tomita <fairtommy@gmail.com>\n"
"Language-Team: Japanese (http://www.transifex.com/qgis/qgis-website/language/ja/)\n"
"MIME-Version: 1.0\n"
"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8\n"
"Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit\n"
"Language: ja\n"
"Plural-Forms: nplurals=1; plural=0;\n"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:2
msgid "Reimbursements for Developer Meetings"
msgstr "開発者ミーティングの払い戻し"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:4
msgid ""
"The QGIS project holds twice-yearly developer meetings, typically somewhere "
"in Europe. The purpose of the meetings is to provide face-to-face time for "
"developers. It is a forum for presenting new ideas, planning, putting heads "
"together to solve problems and so on. We use funding from our "
":doc:`../sponsorship/index` to facilitate the event, with co-funding from "
"the host who usually supplies the venue and the infrastructure for hosting "
"the meeting. Individual developers also co-fund the event by donating their "
"time and in many cases financially supporting their visit to the meeting "
"directly."
msgstr "QGISプロジェクトは、毎年2回、ヨーロッパのどこかの開発者会議を開催しています。ミーティングの目的は、開発者に対面する時間を提供することです。これは、新しいアイデアの提示、計画の立て方、問題解決のためのヘッドをまとめるためのフォーラムです。私たちは、会議を開催するための会場とインフラストラクチャを通常提供する主催者からの共同資金を使って、イベントを円滑にするために :doc:`../sponsorship/index` の資金を使用します。個々の開発者は、自分の時間を寄付し、多くの場合、会議への訪問を財政的に直接サポートすることによって、イベントを共同出資します。"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:14
msgid "Need a refund for QGIS HF expenses?"
msgstr "QGIS HF費用の払い戻しが必要ですか？"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:33
msgid "In case of doubt"
msgstr "疑わしい場合"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:16
msgid ""
"If you are a contributor to the project (to either code, documentation, "
"translation, or infrastructure), you think your participation to the HF will"
" be useful for the project, and you do not have funds to cover for "
"travelling and lodging, you can apply for refund, at least 40 days in "
"advance"
msgstr "プロジェクトの貢献者（コード、ドキュメンテーション、翻訳、インフラストラクチャのいずれか）に参加している場合は、HFへの参加がプロジェクトにとって有用であり、旅行や宿泊のための資金がないと思う少なくとも40日前に払い戻しを申請する"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:20
msgid ""
"When applying, please let us know (i) an estimate of the total amount "
"required, and (ii) how your participation will contribute to QGIS"
msgstr "申請する際には、（i）必要とされる合計金額の見積もり、および（ii）参加がQGISにどのように貢献するか"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:22
msgid ""
"Later applications (<40 days) will be taken into account, based on the "
"budget available and the priorities of the PSC"
msgstr "利用可能な予算とPSCの優先度に基づいて、それ以降の申請（40日未満）が考慮されます"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:24
msgid ""
"Please note that our funds are limited, so we'll generally not be able to "
"refund all participants"
msgstr "私たちの資金は限られているので、一般的に参加者全員に払い戻すことはできません"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:26
msgid ""
"Core devs (anyone with direct commit rights to the repository) and psc "
"members will have priority on the allocation of funds"
msgstr "コア開発者（リポジトリへの直接コミット権を持つ人）とpscメンバーは、資金配分を優先します"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:28
msgid ""
"At least 30 days in advance, PSC will communicate a decision to all those "
"who applied"
msgstr "少なくとも30日前に、PSCは申請者全員に決定を伝えます"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:29
msgid ""
"The refund will be sent to your bank account after the HF, on the basis of "
"the bills actually paid and sent to our Treasurer."
msgstr "実際に支払われ、会計士に送付された請求書に基づいて、払い戻しはHF後に銀行口座に送付されます。"

#: ../../source/site/getinvolved/governance/developer_meetings/reimbursements.rst:35
msgid ""
"The project steering committee shall provide arbitration for any query, "
"complaint or appeal relating to funding requests by individual developers. "
"In the event that the PSC is called apon to arbitrate, a resolution shall be"
" proposed and the PSC members shall vote using the -1 / 0 / +1 system to "
"indicate dissent, indifference and assent respectively. In the event of a "
"tie-break, the PSC Chairman shall make the final decision. The decision made"
" by the PSC shall be final."
msgstr "プロジェクト運営委員会は、個々の開発者による資金調達要求に関連する質問、苦情または控訴について仲裁を提供するものとする。PSCが調停のために呼び出された場合、決議が提案され、PSCメンバーは、-1 / 0 / +1システムを使用して異議、無関心および同意をそれぞれ表明するものとします。タイブレークの場合、PSC会長は最終決定を下すものとします。PSCの決定は最終的なものとする。"

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The project steering committee shall provide arbitration for any query, "
#~ "complaint or appeal relating to funding requests by individual developers. "
#~ "In the event that the PSC is called apon to arbitrate, a resolution shall be"
#~ " proposed and the PSC members shall vote using the -1 / 0 / +1 system to "
#~ "indicate dissent, indifference and assent respectively. In the event of a "
#~ "tie-break, the PSC Chairman shall make the final decision. The devision made"
#~ " by the PSC shall be final."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "1.If you are a contributor to the project (to either code, documentation, "
#~ "translation, or infrastructure), you think your participation to the HF will"
#~ " be useful for the project, and you do not have funds to cover for "
#~ "travelling and lodging, you can apply for refund, at least 40 days in "
#~ "advance 2. When applying, please let us know (i) an estimate of the total "
#~ "amount required, and (ii) how your participation will contribute to QGIS 3. "
#~ "Later applications (<40 days) will be taken into account, based on the "
#~ "budget available and the priorities of the PSC 4. Please note that our funds"
#~ " are limited, so we'll generally not be able to refund all participants 5. "
#~ "Core devs (anyone with direct commit rights to the repository') and psc "
#~ "members will have priority on the allocation of funds 6. At least 30 days in"
#~ " advance, PSC will communicate a decision to all those who applied 7. The "
#~ "refund will be sent to your bank account after the HF, on the basis of the "
#~ "bills actually paid and sent to our Treasurer."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "In the past, the policy was that funding will only be directly provided to "
#~ "'core' committers and community members of the project. However with "
#~ "increased funding through donations and our sponsorship programme, and a "
#~ "desire to promote new developers to get involved in the project, this policy"
#~ " has been updated as described below."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The term 'developer' in this document refers to any person who contributes "
#~ "time and effort to the advancement of the project (e.g. through "
#~ "documentation, infrastructure maintenance, coding, administration etc.)"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "Policy for disbursement of funds to individual developers"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "Individual applications from non-core developers (i.e. those who do not have"
#~ " direct commit access to the QGIS repositories) of EUR200 or less may be "
#~ "decided on by the nominated PSC member without requiring a full PSC vote."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "Individual applications from core-developers may be granted based on "
#~ "precident directly by the PSC Financial Representative (Paolo Cavallini). In"
#~ " the event of any uncertainty on his part, he may bring the matter to the "
#~ "PSC for a vote."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "All funding requests should be made **before** the meeting event."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "Funding may be limited due to budgetary constraints, in which case funding "
#~ "will be provided on a first-come first-served basis."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The PSC / PSC Finance Chair may offer to provide partial funding where "
#~ "funding resources are limited."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The PSC Financial Chair shall maintain complete financial records of what "
#~ "disbursements were made and to whom and these should be available on request"
#~ " to the PSC."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "Procedure for funding applications - core developers"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "A request for funding email should be submitted to the PSC Financial Chair "
#~ "before the event."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The request should include the number of days that the developer will "
#~ "attend."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The request should include an expense breakdown covering travel and "
#~ "accommodation."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid "Procedure for funding applications - new developers"
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "A request for funding email should be submitted to the PSC Member designated"
#~ " to review funding requests **before** the meeting."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "If the requestor is not happy with the funding requests reviewer's decision,"
#~ " they may request arbitration from the PSC as a whole."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The request should include a **workplan** outlining how the developer plans "
#~ "to make use of their time at the meeting."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The requestor should provide copies of receipts for all expenditures as soon"
#~ " as possible after the event. No refunds should be made without accompanying"
#~ " receipts."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The Quantum GIS project holds twice-yearly developer meetings, typically "
#~ "somewhere in Europe. The purpose of the meetings is to provide face-to-face "
#~ "time for developers. It is a forum for presenting new ideas, planning, "
#~ "putting heads together to solve problems and so on. We use funding from our "
#~ ":doc:`../sponsorship/index` to facilitate the event, with co-funding from "
#~ "the host who usually supplies the venue and the infrastructure for hosting "
#~ "the meeting. Individual developers also co-fund the event by donating their "
#~ "time and in many cases financially supporting their visit to the meeting "
#~ "directly."
#~ msgstr ""

#~ msgid ""
#~ "The requestor should provide copies of reciepts for all expenditures as soon"
#~ " as possible after the event. No refunds should be made without accompanying"
#~ " receipts."
#~ msgstr ""
